konsep                   abstraksi                unrelated  
sore                     acara                    unrelated  
cerita                   adaptasi                 unrelated  
adegan_kecil             adegan                   hyponymy   
hindu                    agama                    hyponymy   
kekristenan              agama                    unrelated  
jainisme                 agama                    hyponymy   
hidrogen_peroksida       agen                     unrelated  
patogen                  agen                     hyponymy   
agronom                  ahli                     hyponymy   
keringat                 air                      hyponymy   
air_garam                air                      hyponymy   
air_laut                 air                      hyponymy   
pancasila                ajaran                   hyponymy   
ideologi                 ajaran                   voting_failed        
pertobatan               aktivitas                hyponymy   
filateli                 aktivitas                hyponymy   
cooper                   aktor                    unrelated  
simpul                   aktor                    unrelated  
jung                     aktor                    hyponymy   
saran                    aktris                   unrelated  
stok                     akumulasi                hyponymy   
delta                    akumulasi                voting_failed        
nyeri                    alasan                   unrelated  
mikser                   alat                     hyponymy   
sajadah                  alat                     unrelated  
dekoder                  alat                     hyponymy   
bor                      alat                     hyponymy   
pensil                   alat                     hyponymy   
sirene                   alat                     hyponymy   
layar                    alat                     hyponymy   
transistor               alat                     hyponymy   
tiltmeter                alat                     hyponymy   
timbangan                alat                     hyponymy   
radio                    alat                     hyponymy   
atmometer                alat                     hyponymy   
kuesioner                alat                     hyponymy   
cetok                    alat                     hyponymy   
gunting_kuku             alat                     hyponymy   
dongkrak                 alat                     hyponymy   
piring                   alat                     hyponymy   
kolorimeter              alat                     hyponymy   
pesawat_telepon          alat                     hyponymy   
katup                    alat                     hyponymy   
reflektor                alat                     hyponymy   
zoetrop                  alat                     voting_failed        
usg                      alat                     hyponymy   
komisi                   alat                     unrelated  
bahasa                   alat_komunikasi          hyponymy   
blencong                 alat_penerangan          hyponymy   
vestibulum               alat_reproduksi          hyponymy   
a                        alfabet                  hyponymy   
taoisme                  aliran                   hyponymy   
dadaisme                 aliran                   hyponymy   
tuhan                    allah                    voting_failed        
kristus                  allah                    unrelated  
pina                     alternatif               hyponymy   
taksi                    alternatif               hyponymy   
almarhum                 alumni                   unrelated  
sabrina                  alumni                   unrelated  
panji                    alumni                   unrelated  
ucok                     alumni                   unrelated  
guntur                   anak_bungsu              unrelated  
andar                    anak_kandung             voting_failed        
buya                     anak_kandung             voting_failed        
wang                     anak_tunggal             voting_failed        
mukhlis                  anak_yatim               unrelated  
muson                    angin                    hyponymy   
angin_fohn               angin                    hyponymy   
indonesia                aparatur_pemerintah      unrelated  
iblis                    asal_mula                unrelated  
asparagina               asam_amino               hyponymy   
puspiptek                aset                     hyponymy   
mitologi                 aspek                    unrelated  
wang                     astronot                 unrelated  
suwandi                  atlet                    hyponymy   
hidrokarbon              atom                     unrelated  
impunitas                aturan                   voting_failed        
eksogami                 aturan                   unrelated  
hukum_adat               aturan                   hyponymy   
guru_lagu                aturan                   hyponymy   
ppki                     badan                    hyponymy   
sinode                   badan                    hyponymy   
dewan_mahasiswa          badan_eksekutif          hyponymy   
dana_pensiun             badan_hukum              unrelated  
penstabil                bahan                    hyponymy   
kesendirian              bahan                    unrelated  
petrokimia               bahan                    hyponymy   
eksipien                 bahan                    hyponymy   
obat                     bahan                    unrelated  
porselen                 bahan                    hyponymy   
silikon                  bahan                    hyponymy   
kokoda                   bahasa                   unrelated  
bahasa_aglutinatif       bahasa                   hyponymy   
kola                     bahasa                   unrelated  
krio                     bahasa                   hyponymy   
yahadian                 bahasa                   unrelated  
tulu                     bahasa                   hyponymy   
jaket                    baju                     hyponymy   
balairung                balai_desa               hyponymy   
rumah_panggung           bangunan                 hyponymy   
stadion                  bangunan                 hyponymy   
candi                    bangunan                 hyponymy   
rotunda                  bangunan                 hyponymy   
frontal                  bangunan                 unrelated  
basilika                 bangunan                 unrelated  
yonif                    batalyon                 unrelated  
pasir_gas                batuan                   hyponymy   
batuan_sedimen           batuan_beku              unrelated  
benang_pakan             benang                   hyponymy   
kekeringan               bencana_alam             hyponymy   
aerosol                  benda                    hyponymy   
materi                   benda                    hyponymy   
bird                     bendahara                unrelated  
afrika                   benua                    hyponymy   
mant                     berhala                  unrelated  
kelajuan                 besaran                  unrelated  
fugasitas                besaran                  hyponymy   
linguistik_komputasi     bidang                   hyponymy   
petrologi                bidang                   hyponymy   
basis                    bidang                   unrelated  
mete                     biji                     hyponymy   
kodok                    binatang                 hyponymy   
udang                    binatang                 hyponymy   
kucing                   binatang                 hyponymy   
sapi                     binatang                 hyponymy   
mencit                   binatang                 voting_failed        
taurus                   bintang                  hyponymy   
polaris                  bintang                  hyponymy   
markas                   biro                     unrelated  
tamil                    blok                     hyponymy   
brahmi                   blok                     unrelated  
durian                   buah                     hyponymy   
stroberi                 buah                     hyponymy   
sukun                    buah                     hyponymy   
keledang                 buah                     voting_failed        
teobromina               bubuk                    unrelated  
hortikultura             budaya                   hyponymy   
pustaha                  buku                     hyponymy   
modul                    buku                     voting_failed        
generasi_muda            bunga                    unrelated  
manggar                  bunga                    unrelated  
mantra                   bunyi                    hyponymy   
abaya                    busana                   hyponymy   
putih_telur              cairan                   hyponymy   
kuah                     cairan                   hyponymy   
hidrogen_peroksida       cairan                   hyponymy   
magma                    cairan                   hyponymy   
absorben                 cairan                   unrelated  
sda                      campuran                 unrelated  
beton                    campuran                 hyponymy   
udara                    campuran                 voting_failed        
kombinasi                campuran                 synonymy   
markah_jalan             campuran                 unrelated  
lumpur                   campuran                 voting_failed        
slip                     campuran                 unrelated  
tawarikh                 catatan                  unrelated  
laporan_keuangan         catatan                  hyponymy   
cerita_jenaka            cerita                   hyponymy   
batu_gantung             cerita_rakyat            hyponymy   
cermin_datar             cermin                   hyponymy   
mihrab                   ceruk                    unrelated  
utopia                   cetak_biru               unrelated  
brahman                  cikal_bakal              unrelated  
stupa                    ciri                     unrelated  
alay                     contoh                   unrelated  
skenario                 contoh                   hyponymy   
kubah                    contoh                   unrelated  
lingkaran                contoh                   unrelated  
hn                       cucu                     unrelated  
kalimantan               daerah                   hyponymy   
jakarta                  daerah                   hyponymy   
tropika                  daerah                   hyponymy   
distrik                  daerah                   hyponymy   
pedesaan                 daerah                   hyponymy   
cempaka                  daerah                   hyponymy   
daerah_kantong           daerah                   hyponymy   
informasi                data                     voting_failed        
mahsyar                  dataran                  hyponymy   
definisi_berputar        definisi                 hyponymy   
kerakyatan               demokrasi                hyponymy   
mesin                    desain                   unrelated  
atap                     desain                   unrelated  
antawacana               dialog                   hyponymy   
akhirat                  dimensi                  hyponymy   
dokter_spesialis         dokter                   hyponymy   
kartu_tanda_penduduk     dokumen                  voting_failed        
fabel                    dongeng                  hyponymy   
zina                     dosa                     hyponymy   
sumber_daya_manusia      dosen                    hyponymy   
drama_sejarah            drama                    synonymy   
enigma                   drama                    unrelated  
kowang                   dukuh                    unrelated  
alo                      dunia                    unrelated  
akting                   dunia                    unrelated  
dunia_timur              dunia                    voting_failed        
tawa                     ekspresi                 hyponymy   
meta                     elemen                   unrelated  
cinta                    emosi                    hyponymy   
kesepian                 emosi                    hyponymy   
radiasi_termal           energi                   hyponymy   
negara_bagian            entitas                  unrelated  
seruloplasmin            enzim                    hyponymy   
pektinase                enzim                    hyponymy   
katalase                 enzim                    hyponymy   
infrastruktur            faktor                   hyponymy   
sumber_daya_manusia      faktor                   hyponymy   
polaritas                faktor                   hyponymy   
burung                   figur                    unrelated  
senyap                   film_dokumenter          hyponymy   
susuk                    film_horor               unrelated  
kerasukan                film_horor               hyponymy   
keramat                  film_horor               unrelated  
satria                   film_laga                hyponymy   
valentine                film_laga                unrelated  
losmen                   film_seri                unrelated  
etika                    filosofi                 voting_failed        
personalisme             filosofi                 unrelated  
tika                     finalis                  unrelated  
termodinamika            fisika                   hyponymy   
sayap                    fitur                    hyponymy   
informasi                fungsi                   voting_failed        
sahara                   gadis                    unrelated  
eneng                    gadis                    synonymy   
dewi                     gadis                    hyponymy   
bawang_putih             gadis                    unrelated  
mentari                  gadis                    unrelated  
kati                     gadis                    unrelated  
idealisme                gagasan                  unrelated  
siluet                   gambar                   hyponymy   
hieroglif                gambar                   hyponymy   
kanon                    game                     unrelated  
diagonal                 garis                    hyponymy   
garis_bujur              garis                    hyponymy   
garis_dasar              garis                    hyponymy   
anak                     garis                    unrelated  
argon                    gas                      hyponymy   
velodrom                 gelanggang               voting_failed        
meurah                   gelar                    hyponymy   
raja                     gelar                    hyponymy   
pangeran                 gelar                    hyponymy   
apoteker                 gelar                    voting_failed        
hibrida                  generasi                 unrelated  
bazoka                   generasi                 unrelated  
ken                      generasi                 voting_failed        
pascamodernisme          gerakan                  hyponymy   
angin                    gerakan                  hyponymy   
kiri_baru                gerakan                  hyponymy   
kemotaksis               gerakan                  hyponymy   
hegelianisme             gerakan                  hyponymy   
ikonoklasme              gerakan                  hyponymy   
eversi                   gerakan                  hyponymy   
gigi_bungsu              gigi                     hyponymy   
iodin                    gizi                     unrelated  
kasein                   golongan                 hyponymy   
alkaloid                 golongan                 unrelated  
tiket                    grup                     unrelated  
inlander                 grup                     hyponymy   
me                       grup                     unrelated  
toto                     grup                     unrelated  
sql                      grup                     unrelated  
tambunan                 gubernur                 unrelated  
gula_kelapa              gula                     hyponymy   
bukit                    gunung                   voting_failed        
plato                    guru                     hyponymy   
paten                    hak                      hyponymy   
penderitaan              hakikat                  unrelated  
home                     halaman                  unrelated  
dataran_rendah           hamparan                 unrelated  
natal                    hari_libur               hyponymy   
hari_tasyrik             hari_raya                unrelated  
mutiara                  hasil                    hyponymy   
kreatifitas              hasil                    unrelated  
teori                    hasil                    voting_failed        
budaya                   hasil                    unrelated  
pigmen                   hasil                    unrelated  
maltosa                  hasil                    voting_failed        
kelapa_hibrida           hasil                    hyponymy   
hawa_nafsu               hasrat                   hyponymy   
gimbal                   helai                    unrelated  
ular                     hewan                    hyponymy   
kambing                  hewan                    hyponymy   
aligator                 hewan                    hyponymy   
tukang                   hewan                    unrelated  
keledai                  hewan                    hyponymy   
teripang                 hewan                    hyponymy   
badak_jawa               hewan                    hyponymy   
kerbau                   hewan                    voting_failed        
kalkun                   hidangan                 hyponymy   
nasi_kebuli              hidangan                 hyponymy   
nasi_ulam                hidangan                 hyponymy   
halwa                    hidangan                 hyponymy   
keselamatan              hidup                    hyponymy   
musik                    hobi                     hyponymy   
percabulan               hubungan                 unrelated  
netralisme               hubungan                 hyponymy   
amputasi                 hukuman                  unrelated  
n                        huruf                    hyponymy   
j                        huruf                    hyponymy   
q                        huruf                    hyponymy   
i                        huruf                    hyponymy   
zai                      huruf                    hyponymy   
qaf                      huruf                    voting_failed        
bet                      huruf_pertama            unrelated  
bantar                   hutan                    unrelated  
liabilitas               hutang                   synonymy   
paria                    ibu_kota                 unrelated  
riyadh                   ibu_kota                 hyponymy   
gayam                    ibu_kota                 unrelated  
manila                   ibu_kota                 hyponymy   
kapas                    ibu_kota                 unrelated  
secang                   ibu_kota                 unrelated  
doko                     ibu_kota                 unrelated  
kota                     ibu_kota                 unrelated  
pagelaran                ibu_kota                 unrelated  
petra                    ibu_kota                 unrelated  
talun                    ibu_kota                 unrelated  
salatiga                 ibu_kota                 hyponymy   
kor                      ibu_kota                 unrelated  
bakung                   ibu_kota                 hyponymy   
kenyam                   ibu_kota_kabupaten       unrelated  
sepat_siam               ikan                     hyponymy   
tuna                     ikan                     hyponymy   
lalang                   ikan                     unrelated  
kerapu_kayu              ikan                     hyponymy   
barakuda                 ikan                     hyponymy   
termodinamika            ilmu                     hyponymy   
agrometeorologi          ilmu                     hyponymy   
kedokteran               ilmu                     hyponymy   
antropometri             ilmu                     voting_failed        
humaniora                ilmu                     hyponymy   
tasawuf                  ilmu                     hyponymy   
ergonomi                 ilmu                     hyponymy   
fisioterapi              ilmu                     hyponymy   
golongan_darah           ilmu                     unrelated  
matematika               ilmu                     hyponymy   
paleoantropologi         ilmu                     hyponymy   
pedologi                 ilmu                     hyponymy   
metalurgi                ilmu                     hyponymy   
bakteriologi             ilmu                     hyponymy   
frenologi                ilmu                     hyponymy   
ilmu_bumi                ilmu                     hyponymy   
statistik                ilmu                     hyponymy   
genetika                 ilmu                     hyponymy   
anatomi_perbandingan     ilmu                     hyponymy   
radiologi                ilmu_kedokteran          hyponymy   
kimiawan                 ilmuwan                  hyponymy   
pertumbuhan_ekonomi      indikator                hyponymy   
manajer_proyek           individu                 hyponymy   
tunagrahita              individu                 voting_failed        
perikanan                industri                 hyponymy   
sifilis                  infeksi                  hyponymy   
difteri                  infeksi                  hyponymy   
konten                   informasi                voting_failed        
intelijen                informasi                voting_failed        
museum                   institusi                unrelated  
gitar                    instrumen                hyponymy   
laparoskop               instrumen                voting_failed        
klarinet                 instrumen                hyponymy   
politik                  instrumen                hyponymy   
tao                      inti                     voting_failed        
topik                    inti                     hyponymy   
astana                   istana                   unrelated  
putri                    istri                    unrelated  
menteri                  jabatan                  hyponymy   
kepala_negara            jabatan                  hyponymy   
kepala_bagian            jabatan_struktural       hyponymy   
inspektur_jenderal       jabatan_struktural       hyponymy   
jalan_lingkar            jalan                    hyponymy   
utara                    jalan                    unrelated  
sinisme                  jalan_hidup              unrelated  
jalan_bebas_hambatan     jalan_raya               hyponymy   
jalan_tol                jalan_umum               hyponymy   
perpustakaan             jantung                  unrelated  
intranet                 jaringan                 hyponymy   
jaringan_ikat            jaringan                 hyponymy   
jardiknas                jaringan                 unrelated  
jembatan_gantung         jembatan                 hyponymy   
jembatan_ponton          jembatan                 hyponymy   
doktor                   jenjang_pendidikan       hyponymy   
kedah                    juara_bertahan           unrelated  
spirit                   judul                    unrelated  
positif                  judul                    unrelated  
jelita                   judul                    unrelated  
barang_antik             judul                    unrelated  
power                    judul                    unrelated  
lembata                  judul                    unrelated  
guru                     julukan                  unrelated  
bobotoh                  julukan                  hyponymy   
iblis                    julukan                  hyponymy   
karbon                   jurnal                   unrelated  
kolomnis                 jurnalis                 unrelated  
kabinet_presidensial     kabinet                  hyponymy   
paniai                   kabupaten                hyponymy   
sragen                   kabupaten                hyponymy   
wonogiri                 kabupaten                hyponymy   
magelang                 kabupaten                hyponymy   
kebumen                  kabupaten                hyponymy   
pekalongan               kabupaten                hyponymy   
remaja                   kader                    hyponymy   
kafan                    kain                     hyponymy   
kapas                    kain                     unrelated  
kiswah                   kain                     voting_failed        
filsafat                 kajian                   hyponymy   
limnologi                kajian                   hyponymy   
kritik                   kajian                   unrelated  
agronomi                 kajian                   hyponymy   
kim                      kakek                    voting_failed        
kalimat_majemuk          kalimat                  hyponymy   
apu                      kampus                   unrelated  
stadion                  kandang                  unrelated  
biodiesel                kandidat                 unrelated  
duda                     kandidat                 unrelated  
genangan                 kandungan                voting_failed        
kota_hujan               kantor_berita            unrelated  
kapal_pesiar             kapal                    hyponymy   
kapal_tunda              kapal                    hyponymy   
batavia                  kapal                    unrelated  
kri                      kapal                    unrelated  
missouri                 kapal                    hyponymy   
kapal_layar              kapal                    hyponymy   
galias                   kapal                    hyponymy   
untung                   kapolda                  unrelated  
agus                     karakter                 hyponymy   
sakura                   karakter                 unrelated  
garis_bawah              karakter                 hyponymy   
una                      karakter                 unrelated  
warok                    karakter                 hyponymy   
mina                     karakter                 unrelated  
pop                      karakter                 unrelated  
eksklusivisme            karakteristik            hyponymy   
artikel                  karangan                 hyponymy   
politik                  karya                    unrelated  
vulgata                  karya                    voting_failed        
anabasis                 karya                    voting_failed        
kata_ulang               kata_dasar               unrelated  
he                       kata_ganti_orang         hyponymy   
kompetisi                kata_kerja               hyponymy   
lapisan_atas             kaum                     unrelated  
bora                     kawasan                  unrelated  
hutan_lindung            kawasan                  hyponymy   
sentul                   kawasan                  hyponymy   
kampus                   kawasan                  voting_failed        
teluk                    kebalikan                unrelated  
tengah_malam             kebalikan                unrelated  
keselamatan              kebebasan                unrelated  
kristus                  keberadaan               unrelated  
keris                    kebesaran                unrelated  
penipuan                 kebohongan               hyponymy   
kebudayaan_nasional      kebudayaan               hyponymy   
belahan                  kecenderungan            unrelated  
mudik                    kegiatan                 hyponymy   
grosir                   kegiatan                 unrelated  
perencanaan              kegiatan                 hyponymy   
spionase                 kegiatan                 voting_failed        
pertanian                kegiatan                 hyponymy   
penerjemahan             kegiatan                 hyponymy   
perikanan                kegiatan                 unrelated  
pemangkasan              kegiatan                 hyponymy   
rehabilitasi             kegiatan                 hyponymy   
kerang                   kekayaan                 hyponymy   
masokhisme               kekejaman                synonymy   
dunia                    kekompleksan             unrelated  
rapat_anggota            kekuasaan                unrelated  
kepemilikan              kekuasaan                hyponymy   
bulimia                  kelainan                 hyponymy   
osteomalasia             kelainan                 hyponymy   
kelenjar_minyak          kelenjar                 hyponymy   
hati                     kelenjar                 unrelated  
kelenjar_endokrin        kelenjar                 hyponymy   
drum                     kelompok                 unrelated  
karbohidrat              kelompok                 unrelated  
ular                     kelompok                 unrelated  
monosit                  kelompok                 unrelated  
caudillo                 kelompok                 unrelated  
dioksin                  kelompok                 unrelated  
tawas                    kelompok                 hyponymy   
bakteri                  kelompok                 hyponymy   
polifenol                kelompok                 unrelated  
minangkabau              kelompok                 unrelated  
rush                     kelompok                 unrelated  
zodiak                   kelompok                 hyponymy   
bison                    kelompok                 hyponymy   
klarinet                 keluarga                 unrelated  
intan                    kemakmuran               unrelated  
tinju                    kemampuan                unrelated  
telepati                 kemampuan                hyponymy   
afektivitas              kemampuan                hyponymy   
pendengaran              kemampuan                hyponymy   
saluran                  kemitraan                unrelated  
komodo                   kendaraan                unrelated  
oplet                    kendaraan                hyponymy   
kereta                   kendaraan                hyponymy   
panser                   kendaraan                hyponymy   
tank                     kendaraan                hyponymy   
becak                    kendaraan                hyponymy   
perdana_menteri          kepala                   unrelated  
pemerintah_desa          kepala_desa              unrelated  
k                        kepekaan                 unrelated  
ra                       kependekan               hyponymy   
videlicet                kependekan               unrelated  
monoteisme               kepercayaan              hyponymy   
tolotang                 kepercayaan              unrelated  
demak                    kerajaan                 hyponymy   
batik                    kerajinan_tangan         hyponymy   
kereta_pos               kereta                   hyponymy   
trem                     kereta                   hyponymy   
monorel                  kereta_api               hyponymy   
nefritis                 kerusakan                unrelated  
pesta                    kesempatan               unrelated  
tanji                    kesenian                 hyponymy   
tanjidor                 kesenian                 hyponymy   
lenong                   kesenian                 hyponymy   
didong                   kesenian_rakyat          hyponymy   
disnomia                 kesulitan                hyponymy   
ailurofobia              ketakutan                hyponymy   
ateisme                  ketiadaan                unrelated  
presiden                 ketua                    voting_failed        
agus                     ketua                    unrelated  
minahasa                 keturunan                unrelated  
aba                      keturunan                unrelated  
yesus                    keturunan                unrelated  
henry                    keturunan                hyponymy   
muatan_curah             keuntungan               unrelated  
jihad                    kewajiban                unrelated  
weda                     kitab_suci               hyponymy   
arsenal                  klub                     hyponymy   
rudi                     komandan                 unrelated  
baud                     komandan                 unrelated  
kodim                    komando                  hyponymy   
gaya_berat               kombinasi                unrelated  
nama                     kombinasi                unrelated  
lingkungan               kombinasi                hyponymy   
minyak_bumi              komoditas                hyponymy   
kelompok                 kompleks                 unrelated  
istana                   kompleks                 unrelated  
dehidrasi                komplikasi               unrelated  
semen                    komponen                 hyponymy   
roti_panggang            komponen                 unrelated  
spiritual                komponen                 hyponymy   
penduduk_asli            komunitas                hyponymy   
pertahanan               kondisi                  voting_failed        
asma                     kondisi                  unrelated  
retardasi_mental         kondisi                  hyponymy   
kelinglungan             kondisi                  hyponymy   
bencana_alam             konsekuensi              unrelated  
keadilan_sosial          konsep                   hyponymy   
rasionalitas             konsep                   hyponymy   
kewilayahan              konsep                   hyponymy   
skalar                   konsep                   hyponymy   
jepang                   konsumen                 unrelated  
perspektif               konteks                  voting_failed        
janji                    kontrak                  synonymy   
kompresi                 konversi                 unrelated  
gresik                   kota_pelabuhan           hyponymy   
bar                      kota_pelabuhan           unrelated  
on                       kota_suci                unrelated  
legitimasi               kualitas                 unrelated  
impedansi                kuantitas                hyponymy   
strategi                 kunci                    voting_failed        
kejora                   lagu                     unrelated  
derita                   lagu                     unrelated  
pelangi                  lagu                     hyponymy   
popular                  lagu                     unrelated  
tt                       lagu                     hyponymy   
sayang                   lagu                     unrelated  
solo                     lagu                     unrelated  
orion                    lagu_instrumental        unrelated  
salib                    lambang                  hyponymy   
kusir                    lambang                  unrelated  
keris                    lambang                  hyponymy   
mezanin                  lantai                   unrelated  
endometrium              lapisan                  hyponymy   
laporan_tahunan          laporan                  synonymy   
larutan_jenuh            larutan                  hyponymy   
layanan_informasi        layanan                  hyponymy   
tantrum                  ledakan                  hyponymy   
konservatorium           lembaga                  voting_failed        
parlemen                 lembaga                  hyponymy   
dewan_pers               lembaga                  hyponymy   
kejaksaan_tinggi         lembaga                  hyponymy   
perpustakaan_nasional    lembaga_pemerintah       hyponymy   
lilin_paskah             lilin                    hyponymy   
torium                   logam                    hyponymy   
fransium                 logam                    voting_failed        
barium                   logam                    hyponymy   
zirkonium                logam                    hyponymy   
berilium                 logam                    hyponymy   
translasi                lokasi                   hyponymy   
ambarawa                 lokasi                   hyponymy   
wilayah                  lokasi                   hyponymy   
silo                     lokasi                   unrelated  
oki                      lokasi                   hyponymy   
intan                    lulusan                  unrelated  
yasmin                   lulusan                  unrelated  
adang                    lulusan                  unrelated  
buyung                   lulusan                  unrelated  
barakat                  mahasiswa                unrelated  
ako                      mahasiswa                unrelated  
gasing                   mainan                   hyponymy   
vogue                    majalah                  hyponymy   
tempo                    majalah_berita           hyponymy   
senat                    majelis_tinggi           hyponymy   
sate                     makanan                  hyponymy   
kasuari                  makanan                  unrelated  
bakpao                   makanan                  hyponymy   
rujak                    makanan                  hyponymy   
sayur                    makanan                  hyponymy   
seruit                   makanan                  hyponymy   
mendoan                  makanan                  hyponymy   
belalang                 makanan                  unrelated  
wakame                   makanan                  hyponymy   
sosis                    makanan                  hyponymy   
nasi_kuning              makanan                  hyponymy   
bakwan                   makanan                  hyponymy   
abon                     makanan                  hyponymy   
kuluban                  makanan                  hyponymy   
dangke                   makanan                  unrelated  
geplak                   makanan                  hyponymy   
tempe                    makanan                  hyponymy   
buntil                   makanan                  hyponymy   
iblis                    makhluk                  hyponymy   
medusa                   makhluk                  hyponymy   
monster                  makhluk                  hyponymy   
mikail                   malaikat                 hyponymy   
janin                    mamalia                  unrelated  
walrus                   mamalia                  hyponymy   
pengolahan_data          manipulasi               voting_failed        
panji                    mantan                   unrelated  
rahayu                   marga                    hyponymy   
iguana                   marga                    unrelated  
rabeg                    masakan                  unrelated  
material                 masukan                  unrelated  
pariwisata               mata_pencaharian         hyponymy   
som                      mata_uang                unrelated  
won                      mata_uang                hyponymy   
picis                    mata_uang                unrelated  
genom                    materi                   hyponymy   
beton_bertulang          material                 hyponymy   
pasir                    material                 hyponymy   
vampir                   mayat                    hyponymy   
media_cetak              media                    hyponymy   
surat_kabar              media                    hyponymy   
radio                    media                    hyponymy   
media_elektronik         media                    hyponymy   
surat                    media                    hyponymy   
laser                    mekanisme                hyponymy   
polip                    membran                  hyponymy   
clear                    merek                    hyponymy   
daud                     mesias                   voting_failed        
mesin_tempel             mesin                    hyponymy   
komputer                 mesin                    hyponymy   
penyaringan              metode                   hyponymy   
daging_asap              metode                   unrelated  
filtrasi                 metode                   hyponymy   
persetubuhan             metode                   hyponymy   
fetucini                 mi                       unrelated  
jagal                    mimpi                    unrelated  
sampanye                 minuman                  hyponymy   
moke                     minuman                  hyponymy   
sekoteng                 minuman                  hyponymy   
lahang                   minuman                  hyponymy   
tuak                     minuman                  hyponymy   
bastion                  misil                    unrelated  
jerman                   mitra                    unrelated  
belanda                  mitra                    unrelated  
tiongkok                 mitra                    unrelated  
pat                      mobil                    voting_failed        
gramatika                model                    hyponymy   
prelude                  model                    unrelated  
investasi                model                    unrelated  
ligan                    molekul                  hyponymy   
kuda                     motif                    unrelated  
minuman_keras            musuh                    unrelated  
adam                     nabi                     hyponymy   
korma                    nasi                     unrelated  
peru                     negara                   hyponymy   
wales                    negara                   unrelated  
kanada                   negara                   hyponymy   
turki                    negara                   hyponymy   
cina                     negara                   hyponymy   
yunani                   negara                   hyponymy   
palau                    negara                   unrelated  
tasmania                 negara_bagian            hyponymy   
singapura                negara_kota              hyponymy   
oma                      negeri                   unrelated  
obat_bebas               obat                     hyponymy   
endorfin                 obat                     hyponymy   
kodein                   obat                     hyponymy   
kerang                   objek                    hyponymy   
catur                    olahraga                 hyponymy   
bulu_tangkis             olahraga                 hyponymy   
loncat_indah             olahraga                 hyponymy   
tinju                    olahraga                 hyponymy   
basket                   olahraga                 hyponymy   
refleksi                 operasi                  unrelated  
wali                     orang                    hyponymy   
pemulung                 orang                    hyponymy   
pehobi                   orang                    hyponymy   
penyendiri               orang                    hyponymy   
tunawisma                orang                    voting_failed        
kopilot                  orang                    hyponymy   
kader                    orang                    hyponymy   
jantung                  organ                    hyponymy   
kelenjar                 organ                    unrelated  
otak                     organ                    hyponymy   
oogonium                 organ                    hyponymy   
tentakel                 organ                    voting_failed        
kulit                    organ                    unrelated  
rahim                    organ                    hyponymy   
sinoman                  organisasi               unrelated  
kerjantara               organisasi               hyponymy   
pemerintah               organisasi               hyponymy   
komando                  organisasi               unrelated  
ape                      organisasi               unrelated  
pgri                     organisasi_profesi       hyponymy   
eukariota                organisme                hyponymy   
konsumer                 organisme                unrelated  
bentos                   organisme                unrelated  
sebagian_besar           padang_rumput_alam       unrelated  
ferosilikon              paduan                   voting_failed        
otoritarianisme          paham                    hyponymy   
sosialisme               paham                    hyponymy   
ppn                      pajak                    hyponymy   
blus                     pakaian                  hyponymy   
kemben                   pakaian                  hyponymy   
velum                    pakaian                  hyponymy   
selendang                pakaian                  hyponymy   
kilt                     pakaian                  hyponymy   
erosentrisme             pandangan                hyponymy   
lumut                    pangkalan                unrelated  
letnan_jenderal          pangkat                  hyponymy   
pembantu_letnan_satu     pangkat                  hyponymy   
kelasi_dua               pangkat                  hyponymy   
kopral                   pangkat                  hyponymy   
kopral_dua               pangkat                  hyponymy   
prajurit_dua             pangkat                  hyponymy   
tepung                   partikel                 unrelated  
plasma                   partikel                 voting_failed        
foton                    partikel                 hyponymy   
australia                pasar                    unrelated  
pasar_malam              pasar                    hyponymy   
perencanaan              patokan                  unrelated  
kurikulum                pedoman                  hyponymy   
kode_etik_jurnalistik    pedoman                  hyponymy   
etika                    pedoman                  hyponymy   
kepala_daerah            pejabat_negara           hyponymy   
pertanian                pekerjaan                hyponymy   
pasanggrahan             pelabuhan                unrelated  
skpd                     pelaksana                hyponymy   
dinamit                  peledak                  hyponymy   
jack                     peliharaan               unrelated  
pemuda                   pelopor                  hyponymy   
vulkan                   peluru_kendali           unrelated  
defender                 pemain                   hyponymy   
rukun_tetangga           pembagian                hyponymy   
blok                     pembagian                hyponymy   
upah                     pembalas                 hyponymy   
provos                   pembantu                 unrelated  
juju                     pembantu                 unrelated  
pengendalian_harga       pembatasan               hyponymy   
islam                    pembawa                  unrelated  
medium                   pembawa                  synonymy   
pranatacara              pembawa_acara            hyponymy   
pampasan_perang          pembayaran               hyponymy   
stalagmit                pembentukan              hyponymy   
pengendapan              pembentukan              hyponymy   
desain                   pembesaran               unrelated  
likuidasi                pembubaran               unrelated  
kadir                    pemeran                  hyponymy   
leo                      pemeran_utama            unrelated  
endoskopi                pemeriksaan              unrelated  
federasi                 pemerintah_pusat         hyponymy   
makanan                  pemicu                   hyponymy   
gadis_sampul             pemilihan                hyponymy   
kaisar                   pemimpin                 hyponymy   
separasi                 pemisahan                synonymy   
elang                    pemuda                   unrelated  
hadi                     pemuda                   unrelated  
yoyo                     pemuda                   unrelated  
magelang                 pemusatan                unrelated  
gitaris                  pemusik                  hyponymy   
ares                     pencuri                  voting_failed        
bencana_alam             pendahuluan              unrelated  
ekologi                  pendekatan               hyponymy   
kaos                     pendekatan               unrelated  
matematika               pendekatan               hyponymy   
aal                      pendidikan               hyponymy   
almarhum                 pendiri                  unrelated  
nage                     penduduk                 voting_failed        
tenaga_kerja             penduduk                 hyponymy   
hasan                    pendukung                hyponymy   
publisitas               penempatan               unrelated  
biostatistika            penerapan                hyponymy   
teknik                   penerapan                hyponymy   
peluncuran               penerbangan              voting_failed        
ridha                    penerima                 unrelated  
riba                     penetapan                unrelated  
adipati                  pengagum                 unrelated  
mimpi                    pengalaman               unrelated  
prolog                   pengantar                synonymy   
rai                      penganut                 unrelated  
i                        penganut                 unrelated  
pencegatan               pengartian               unrelated  
struktur                 pengaturan               hyponymy   
konsumsi                 pengeluaran              hyponymy   
rehabilitasi             pengembalian             hyponymy   
mitra                    pengembang               hyponymy   
blokade                  pengepungan              voting_failed        
makrifat                 pengetahuan              hyponymy   
dharma                   pengetahuan              synonymy   
kepakaran                pengetahuan              hyponymy   
psikolinguistik          penggabungan             unrelated  
ejaan                    penggambaran             unrelated  
lawang                   penggolongan             voting_failed        
indonesia                penghasil                hyponymy   
gencatan_senjata         penghentian              hyponymy   
pertanian                penghidupan              hyponymy   
israel                   pengimpor                unrelated  
ma                       pengucapan               hyponymy   
akuntansi                pengukuran               hyponymy   
maklumat                 pengumuman               voting_failed        
amortisasi               pengurangan              hyponymy   
beliau                   penikmat                 unrelated  
kulturkampf              penindasan               hyponymy   
gaya                     penjumlahan              unrelated  
yakobus                  penulis                  hyponymy   
bulimia                  penyakit                 hyponymy   
sampar                   penyakit                 hyponymy   
klaustrofobia            penyakit                 hyponymy   
batuk_rejan              penyakit                 hyponymy   
akne                     penyakit                 hyponymy   
kurap                    penyakit                 hyponymy   
cacar_monyet             penyakit                 hyponymy   
malaria                  penyakit                 hyponymy   
bantal                   penyangga                hyponymy   
sopran                   penyanyi                 hyponymy   
isogami                  penyatuan                voting_failed        
diabetes                 penyebab                 unrelated  
mega                     penyimpanan              hyponymy   
koral                    penyumbang               unrelated  
parlemen                 penyusun                 hyponymy   
lepa                     perahu                   unrelated  
kayak                    perahu                   hyponymy   
nitya                    peraih                   unrelated  
kolam                    perairan                 hyponymy   
kolam_ikan               perairan                 hyponymy   
platina                  perak                    unrelated  
perangkat_keras          peralatan                hyponymy   
media                    peralatan                hyponymy   
mesin_jahit              peralatan                hyponymy   
rem_cakram               perangkat                hyponymy   
blender                  perangkat_lunak          unrelated  
tin                      perangkat_lunak          voting_failed        
penyerbuk                perantara                hyponymy   
mual                     perasaan                 hyponymy   
aerofobia                perasaan                 unrelated  
disiplin                 perasaan                 unrelated  
kepuasan_kerja           perasaan                 hyponymy   
skala                    perbandingan             hyponymy   
su                       perdana_menteri          unrelated  
anak_sulung              perempuan                unrelated  
platipus                 perenang                 hyponymy   
periodisasi              perencanaan              unrelated  
perjalanan               pergerakan               hyponymy   
unpar                    perguruan_tinggi         hyponymy   
kit                      perguruan_tinggi         unrelated  
cincin                   perhiasan                hyponymy   
sendi                    perhubungan              hyponymy   
kemaksiatan              perilaku                 voting_failed        
pebangkai                perilaku                 voting_failed        
kemurnian                perilaku                 hyponymy   
gergaji                  perkakas                 hyponymy   
mukjizat                 perkara                  hyponymy   
globalisasi              perkembangan             hyponymy   
sofbol                   perkembangan             unrelated  
kongsi                   perkumpulan              hyponymy   
suaka_alam               perlindungan             hyponymy   
perjudian                permainan                unrelated  
bekel                    permainan                hyponymy   
patahan                  permukaan                unrelated  
kedar                    permukiman               unrelated  
amnesti                  pernyataan               hyponymy   
tesis                    pernyataan               voting_failed        
ekspresi                 pernyataan               voting_failed        
absolusi                 pernyataan               unrelated  
teorema                  pernyataan               hyponymy   
polda                    perpanjangan             hyponymy   
perpustakaan_khusus      perpustakaan             hyponymy   
perpustakaan_umum        perpustakaan             hyponymy   
aliansi                  persekutuan              voting_failed        
kebenaran                persesuaian              voting_failed        
palm                     personal                 unrelated  
kongres                  pertemuan                voting_failed        
tonase                   pertimbangan             unrelated  
buah                     pertumbuhan              unrelated  
neoplasma                pertumbuhan              voting_failed        
tirani                   perubahan                unrelated  
sekularisasi             perubahan                voting_failed        
diagenesis               perubahan                voting_failed        
sublimasi                perubahan                hyponymy   
revolusi                 perubahan_sosial         hyponymy   
menteng                  perumahan                hyponymy   
perusahaan_induk         perusahaan               hyponymy   
telkom                   perusahaan               hyponymy   
vivo                     perusahaan               hyponymy   
piaget                   perusahaan               unrelated  
multipolar               perusahaan_induk         unrelated  
wali_kota                perwakilan               hyponymy   
inspektur_polisi_satu    perwira_pertama          voting_failed        
informasi                pesan                    hyponymy   
rai                      pesawat                  unrelated  
telepon                  pesawat                  hyponymy   
pesawat_terbang          pesawat                  synonymy   
pesawat                  pesawat_tempur           voting_failed        
zero                     pesawat_tempur           unrelated  
kapal_udara              pesawat_terbang          synonymy   
orasi                    pidato                   voting_failed        
yakobus                  pimpinan                 unrelated  
tangerang                pintu_gerbang            unrelated  
medan                    pintu_masuk              unrelated  
serambi                  pintu_masuk              voting_failed        
saturnus                 planet                   hyponymy   
bisbul                   pohon                    hyponymy   
ipuh                     pohon                    hyponymy   
polipeptida              polimer                  hyponymy   
nilon                    polimer                  hyponymy   
rna                      polimer                  hyponymy   
protein                  polimer                  unrelated  
dumping                  politik_dagang           unrelated  
doi                      politikus                unrelated  
jantung                  pompa                    unrelated  
pariwisata               potensi                  unrelated  
morfin                   potensial                unrelated  
kesadaran                praktik                  unrelated  
grafika                  presentasi               hyponymy   
simbol                   produk                   unrelated  
kasur                    produk                   hyponymy   
cr                       produk                   unrelated  
fibrin                   produk                   unrelated  
pomade                   produk                   hyponymy   
multivitamin             produk                   unrelated  
sekretaris               profesi                  hyponymy   
malam                    program                  unrelated  
pagi                     program                  unrelated  
sas                      program_komputer         hyponymy   
suhu                     properti                 unrelated  
aklamasi                 prosedur                 voting_failed        
pasteurisasi             proses                   hyponymy   
penalaran                proses                   hyponymy   
reproduksi               proses                   hyponymy   
lelang                   proses                   hyponymy   
klasifikasi              proses                   hyponymy   
kloning                  proses                   hyponymy   
atribusi                 proses                   hyponymy   
reunifikasi              proses                   hyponymy   
nasionalisasi            proses                   hyponymy   
penyidikan               proses                   hyponymy   
enkapsulasi              proses                   hyponymy   
katalisis                proses                   hyponymy   
ekstraksi                proses                   hyponymy   
nilai_budaya             proses                   unrelated  
gametogenesis            proses                   hyponymy   
pemrograman              proses                   hyponymy   
pertukaran               proses                   unrelated  
kepemimpinan             proses                   unrelated  
evolusi                  proses                   hyponymy   
fibrosis                 proses                   voting_failed        
deskuamasi               proses                   hyponymy   
konversi                 proses_sosial            hyponymy   
elastin                  protein                  unrelated  
tropomiosin              protein                  hyponymy   
aktomiosin               protein                  voting_failed        
mono                     proyek                   unrelated  
film                     proyek                   hyponymy   
reaktor                  proyek                   voting_failed        
gurindam                 puisi                    hyponymy   
liang                    pulau                    unrelated  
bra                      pulau                    unrelated  
bawean                   pulau                    hyponymy   
pura                     pulau                    unrelated  
nias                     pulau                    hyponymy   
buton                    pulau                    hyponymy   
iduladha                 puncak                   unrelated  
sulang                   pusat_pemerintahan       unrelated  
tembong                  rai                      hyponymy   
tuhan                    raja                     unrelated  
belu                     raja                     unrelated  
go                       raja                     unrelated  
tulang_rusuk             rangka                   hyponymy   
alur                     rangkaian                hyponymy   
bumban_dafnah            rangkaian                hyponymy   
sugesti                  rangsangan               hyponymy   
kepulauan                rantai                   unrelated  
megalopolis              rantaian                 hyponymy   
anggora                  ras                      hyponymy   
ekolalia                 reaksi                   unrelated  
bisul                    reaksi                   unrelated  
emosi                    reaksi                   hyponymy   
video                    rekaman                  hyponymy   
visualisasi              rekayasa                 hyponymy   
omega                    robot                    unrelated  
titan                    roket                    unrelated  
ibu_kota_negara          roma                     voting_failed        
kafilah                  rombongan                voting_failed        
jantung                  rongga                   unrelated  
vorteks                  rotasi                   unrelated  
kapela                   ruang                    voting_failed        
kabin                    ruang                    hyponymy   
jupiter                  rudal                    unrelated  
kebanyakan               ruko                     unrelated  
wihara                   rumah                    unrelated  
arena                    rumah                    hyponymy   
sanya                    rumah                    unrelated  
nasi_goreng              sajian                   hyponymy   
uretra                   saluran                  hyponymy   
hidayah                  saluran                  unrelated  
hukum_adat               sanksi                   voting_failed        
komunikasi               sarana                   voting_failed        
kaldu                    sari                     voting_failed        
peri                     sasaran                  unrelated  
goliat                   satelit_buatan           unrelated  
bit                      satuan                   hyponymy   
peleton                  satuan                   hyponymy   
detasemen                satuan                   hyponymy   
sanjak                   satuan                   hyponymy   
grafem                   satuan                   unrelated  
sekolah                  satuan                   unrelated  
poise                    satuan                   unrelated  
radian                   satuan                   hyponymy   
morfem                   satuan                   hyponymy   
brigade_infanteri        satuan                   hyponymy   
babi_hutan               satwa                    hyponymy   
rias                     saudara                  unrelated  
petunia                  saudara                  unrelated  
tamar                    saudara_kandung          unrelated  
swa                      saudara_tua              unrelated  
wakaf                    sedekah                  hyponymy   
tangerang                sekolah                  unrelated  
neuron                   sel                      hyponymy   
grad                     senapan                  hyponymy   
safir                    senapan                  unrelated  
tata_letak               seni                     unrelated  
ludruk                   seni                     hyponymy   
tarling                  seni                     hyponymy   
gandrung                 seni                     unrelated  
puisi                    seni                     hyponymy   
arsitektur               seni                     hyponymy   
penjing                  seni                     unrelated  
surealisme               seni                     hyponymy   
lariangi                 seni                     unrelated  
propaganda               senjata                  unrelated  
mortir                   senjata                  hyponymy   
kujang                   senjata                  hyponymy   
bumerang                 senjata                  hyponymy   
trisula                  senjata                  hyponymy   
keling                   senjata                  unrelated  
golok                    senjata                  hyponymy   
toya                     senjata                  unrelated  
belalang                 serangga                 hyponymy   
anjing_tanah             serangga                 unrelated  
ngengat                  serangga                 hyponymy   
anyaman                  serat                    hyponymy   
wol                      serat                    hyponymy   
solidaritas              serikat_buruh            unrelated  
korosif                  sifat                    hyponymy   
karsinogenik             sifat                    hyponymy   
kolusi                   sikap                    hyponymy   
eklektisisme             sikap                    hyponymy   
permata                  simbol                   unrelated  
sagang                   simbol                   unrelated  
v                        simbol                   hyponymy   
swastika                 simbol                   unrelated  
kopertis                 singkatan                hyponymy   
sigma                    singkatan                unrelated  
pa                       singkatan                hyponymy   
kosgoro                  singkatan                hyponymy   
abri                     singkatan                hyponymy   
asean                    singkatan                hyponymy   
pdb                      singkatan                hyponymy   
kalam                    singkatan                unrelated  
rida                     singkatan                unrelated  
abu_terbang              sisa                     hyponymy   
rangka                   sistem                   unrelated  
darah                    sistem                   unrelated  
alfabet                  sistem                   hyponymy   
troy                     sistem                   unrelated  
teleteks                 sistem                   hyponymy   
demokrasi_terpimpin      sistem                   hyponymy   
patriarki                sistem_sosial            hyponymy   
semafor                  solusi                   unrelated  
tikus_belanda            spesies                  hyponymy   
gorila                   spesies                  hyponymy   
cabak                    spesies                  hyponymy   
cabai_jawa               spesies                  hyponymy   
palu                     stadion                  unrelated  
zip                      standar                  unrelated  
balai_kota               stasiun                  unrelated  
central                  stasiun                  unrelated  
jembatan_gantung         stasiun                  unrelated  
istiqlal                 stasiun                  unrelated  
tvri                     stasiun_televisi         hyponymy   
bangunan                 struktur                 voting_failed        
hidatod                  struktur                 hyponymy   
lipatan                  struktur                 hyponymy   
paruh                    struktur                 unrelated  
flagela                  struktur                 hyponymy   
seksologi                studi                    hyponymy   
filsafat                 studi                    hyponymy   
perseus                  suami                    unrelated  
azimut                   sudut                    hyponymy   
titik_embun              suhu                     unrelated  
bugis                    suku                     hyponymy   
letnan_kolonel           sultan                   voting_failed        
minyak_bumi              sumber                   unrelated  
tiram                    sumber                   unrelated  
kacang_panjang           sumber                   unrelated  
hiposentrum              sumber                   hyponymy   
kelelawar                sumber                   unrelated  
kangguru                 sumber                   unrelated  
otak_besar               sumber                   unrelated  
migrain                  sumber                   unrelated  
kubis                    sumber                   unrelated  
batang_hari              sungai                   hyponymy   
oder                     sungai                   voting_failed        
panorama                 surat_kabar              unrelated  
metro                    surat_kabar              hyponymy   
keadaan_darurat          syarat                   unrelated  
komunikasi               syarat                   unrelated  
jenjang_pendidikan       tahapan                  hyponymy   
kelapa                   tambahan                 unrelated  
eksposisi                tampilan                 unrelated  
kalimantan               tanah                    unrelated  
sawah                    tanah                    hyponymy   
panggul                  tanah                    voting_failed        
madinah                  tanah                    unrelated  
delima                   tanaman                  hyponymy   
tebu                     tanaman                  hyponymy   
pegagan                  tanaman                  hyponymy   
kepel                    tanaman                  unrelated  
gandum                   tanaman                  hyponymy   
melati                   tanaman                  hyponymy   
kacang_tanah             tanaman                  hyponymy   
opium                    tanaman                  voting_failed        
bambu                    tanaman                  hyponymy   
allargando               tanda                    hyponymy   
suku                     tanda                    unrelated  
tanda_titik_dua          tanda_baca               hyponymy   
visa                     tanda_bukti              hyponymy   
radiasi_ultraviolet      tanda_tangan             unrelated  
condong                  tarian                   unrelated  
tari_payung              tarian                   hyponymy   
takmu                    tarian                   hyponymy   
barongsai                tarian                   hyponymy   
noken                    tas                      hyponymy   
metodologi               tata_cara                synonymy   
hipnotis                 tayangan                 unrelated  
interferometri           teknik                   hyponymy   
litografi                teknik                   hyponymy   
spektroskopi             teknik                   voting_failed        
refluks                  teknik                   hyponymy   
pompa_air                teknik                   unrelated  
xerografi                teknik                   hyponymy   
radio                    teknologi                hyponymy   
video                    teknologi                hyponymy   
libreto                  teks                     hyponymy   
balut                    telur                    unrelated  
antisemitisme            tema                     unrelated  
lavender                 teman                    unrelated  
man                      tempat_tinggal           unrelated  
logo                     tengkorak                unrelated  
oase                     tengkorak                unrelated  
eklesiologi              teologi                  unrelated  
ekonomisasi              teori                    hyponymy   
alu                      tepung                   unrelated  
kerokan                  terapi                   hyponymy   
perang_gerilya           terjemahan               unrelated  
natura                   terjemahan               unrelated  
abolisi                  tindakan                 hyponymy   
penyusupan               tindakan                 hyponymy   
cebok                    tindakan                 hyponymy   
penyitaan                tindakan                 hyponymy   
oportunisme              tindakan                 voting_failed        
adopsi                   tindakan                 hyponymy   
karat                    tingkat                  hyponymy   
strategi                 tingkat                  unrelated  
isogami                  tipe                     unrelated  
ana                      tipe                     unrelated  
data_sekunder            titik_awal               unrelated  
melon                    toko                     unrelated  
peter                    tokoh                    hyponymy   
limbuk                   tokoh                    unrelated  
jack                     tokoh                    voting_failed        
lupus                    tokoh                    hyponymy   
kabayan                  tokoh                    hyponymy   
carok                    tradisi                  hyponymy   
realisme                 tradisi                  hyponymy   
mahayana                 tradisi                  hyponymy   
keuntungan               tujuan                   unrelated  
tuhan                    tujuan                   unrelated  
kitab_suci               tulang_punggung          unrelated  
nibung                   tumbuhan                 unrelated  
terna                    tumbuhan                 hyponymy   
suplir                   tumbuhan                 hyponymy   
jengkol                  tumbuhan                 hyponymy   
lobak                    tumbuhan                 hyponymy   
tomat                    tumbuhan                 hyponymy   
kenari                   tumbuhan                 hyponymy   
wortel                   tumbuhan                 hyponymy   
mundu                    tumbuhan                 hyponymy   
lamun                    tumbuhan                 hyponymy   
kesopanan                tuntutan                 unrelated  
merek                    turunan                  unrelated  
taurin                   turunan                  unrelated  
dukat                    uang_logam               hyponymy   
ijab_kabul               ucapan                   hyponymy   
angin_laut               udara                    hyponymy   
kesenian                 ukm                      unrelated  
manusia                  ukuran                   unrelated  
talenta                  ukuran                   unrelated  
porositas                ukuran                   voting_failed        
kematangan_seksual       umur                     unrelated  
ideofon                  ungkapan                 hyponymy   
ende                     ungkapan                 hyponymy   
hertz                    unit                     hyponymy   
gen                      unit                     hyponymy   
dekameter                unit                     hyponymy   
desimeter                unit                     hyponymy   
kobalt                   unsur                    hyponymy   
dinas_daerah             unsur                    hyponymy   
purusa                   unsur                    unrelated  
bromin                   unsur                    hyponymy   
molibdenum               unsur                    hyponymy   
fosfat                   unsur                    hyponymy   
sesium                   unsur                    hyponymy   
mg                       unsur                    hyponymy   
magnesium                unsur                    hyponymy   
titanium                 unsur                    hyponymy   
argon                    unsur                    hyponymy   
kalifornium              unsur                    hyponymy   
skandium                 unsur                    hyponymy   
sekretaris_daerah        unsur                    unrelated  
melukat                  upacara                  voting_failed        
sakramen                 upacara                  hyponymy   
pernikahan               upacara                  synonymy   
penyeleksian             upacara                  unrelated  
program                  upaya                    hyponymy   
ekstensifikasi           usaha                    hyponymy   
warung                   usaha                    hyponymy   
analisis_wacana          usaha                    unrelated  
ijtihad                  usaha                    voting_failed        
kaderisasi               usaha                    voting_failed        
dialek                   variasi                  voting_failed        
keluku                   versi                    hyponymy   
sutra                    wacana                   unrelated  
ransel                   wadah                    hyponymy   
teuku                    wakil                    hyponymy   
lia                      wanita                   hyponymy   
penyetor                 warga                    hyponymy   
purnama                  warga_negara             unrelated  
sumber_daya_manusia      warga_negara             hyponymy   
bawor                    wayang_kulit             voting_failed        
dusun                    wilayah                  hyponymy   
dataran_rendah           wilayah                  hyponymy   
mongolia                 wilayah                  hyponymy   
marga                    wilayah                  unrelated  
puncak                   wilayah                  hyponymy   
kupang                   wilayah                  hyponymy   
gora                     wilayah                  hyponymy   
stasi                    wilayah                  voting_failed        
maluku                   wilayah                  hyponymy   
departemen               wilayah_administratif    unrelated  
pulau                    wilayah_administratif    hyponymy   
anggota_biasa            wni                      voting_failed        
zakat_profesi            zakat                    hyponymy   
zaman_perunggu           zaman                    hyponymy   
endapan                  zat                      unrelated  
asam                     zat                      hyponymy   
afrodisiak               zat                      hyponymy   
inhibitor                zat                      hyponymy   
toksin                   zat                      hyponymy   
bau                      zat_kimia                unrelated  
